[Music]
hello and welcome to the BBC good food
podcast with Tom courage I'm Orlando and
we're here today to talk about citing
ingredients cooking techniques and
general kitchen chat plus we have an
original Tom carriage recipe for you to
try out at home whether you're a
beginner or a budding chef hi and
welcome to this week's BBC good food
podcast with Tom carriage we're going to
be talking brownies how to spot a good
one how to make them and that very
important thing how to know when they're
cooked now I've never met anyone who
doesn't like brownies but I'm going to
ask you Tom what was your first
experience of brownies to do mum make
them yeah my mum made them I think it's
probably the first thing that most mums
make admit it's one of those um it's one
of those quite easy to do
whack it together stick it in the tray
and it doesn't really matter if it's
undercooked it's not like a cake we're
not trying to make a spongy or are we
that you you're checking that it's risen
properly and it's all equal and so the
beautiful thing about a brownie is its
uneven it's got a crispy top it's got
soggy mid always kind of like bits
around the edge there's nothing about it
that should be even there's nothing
there's nothing exact and precise about
it being perfect we're not looking for
it being this perfect raised cooked
confectionary or cake are we were
looking for something that's just a bit
more rustic yeah and it's got those
corners which are always a bit chewier
than the rest well you can yeah I quite
like the gun G bit from the middle as
well the kind of undercooked bit but
yeah my mum used to make them and they
were quite chewy in a good way to rebut
and she had not seen them always but um
you're right they were just a cut piece
of chocolatey goodness and they weren't
always nice because mom made them
weren't they yeah exactly that is a
special treat it tasted amazing and and
is it and he's he's quite easy to make
and who doesn't like chocolate yeah I
quite agree now we're gonna be tasting
brownies a bit later which is gonna be
and we're all very excited what a
painful afternoon are you going to take
a couple home for your son as the treat
for him I
may well do you never know it depends
which one oh well there's a competitive
element that we will be unleashing in
the fullness of time now what do you
think makes a brownie a brownie is it is
it just a chocolate nut thing or is it
because it's square or what I think I
mean there's so many everyone knows a
brownies being square I think the shape
kind of defines I need to have corners
somehow yeah I have done triangular ones
which are they work but round one it
wouldn't it would be kind of a weird
thing it wouldn't be a brownie would it
round yeah I think you're right I don't
think you'd say that's a brownie if it's
rain you call it something else we knew
I mean but where was I I think it's the
fact that they are square I think the
fact that this kind of like undercooked
a little you know that it's got that
lovely gooey middle that makes it a
brownie and I think the nuts are
relatively important I think you can
have brownies without them but I like
but I like a brownie with nuts in yeah
it turns it into a little bit more of a
adventure of in the eating adventure
doesn't it yes it does
um I like things where you start to eat
the piece of food and then you carry on
and it develops something happens layers
you get to the end of it which is why
that one bite cookery where you just so
everything's miniaturized on the plate
doesn't appeal to me but that's just a
personal thing I know that's not what
you do in your restaurant anyway do you
know what I understand agree I think
everything should be layered and layered
and layered flavors should come from all
different angles and surprise and be
beautiful and you can get that that's
the beautiful thing about a brownie that
you can layer it with different things
you can put if you wanted to you could
put chili in it word you could put it
does chili and chocolate alash they go
so nicely together if you wanted it you
could put the herbs through it things
like mint would be beautiful bay leaf
infusing summer in the melted butter and
take them out or you know those sort
that you can just start thinking of
interest in bits you put it so we all
love salt caramel so there's a lots of
different things you can put there and
not just the the standard nuts and
chocolate chips and you know
marshmallows and all that sort of stuff
you can start going actually where else
can I get layers of flavor into there
that's what makes it really exciting yes
that will come
the interest of the brownie I mean I
love brownies behind very classic I just
make the same one all the time yeah but
I can see that you're much more
experimental than I am and that you you
what you want to take it to new places
yeah I think but as a chef we're quite
lucky you work in a professional kitchen
you can have a go at something it
doesn't really matter you're there all
day you're working in that in space and
environment it's whilst we do something
else I kind of understand it when you're
at home though why why would you
necessarily try something new because
you're having a go at making it once you
you know you have a day job you haven't
something else you've got things to do
in the evening you're going to make
chocolate brownies while you trying
something that might be a little bit
scary and fail if you've got friends
coming over and yeah again why mess with
a good thing with a good thing but so
does that mean that in the restaurant
you're always trying stuff out just for
the sake of trying out ideas always
always everyone trying out or you kind
of masterminding the trying out
Department where lot of it comes from
senior chefs have been with us for a
long time ago right how do we move this
forward where do we go what flavor
profiles can we move towards how do we
drive dishes forward what's seasonal
what's coming in next what flavors are
around what do we like how does it sit
in balance with the menu there's so many
questions to us but that's good because
it means that there's so much
development going on all the time and it
keeps it interesting that sunny I just
thought of flavor licorice licorice
would be interesting and delicious
absolutely amaze ride that you probably
beaten by the other side no that would
be fantastic but you could get that from
so many different things you can get
that from folk from licorice or licorice
infused you can get it from tarragon you
could get it from star anis you can get
it from fennel you could get it so you
so imagine lovely pieces of candied
fennel in it how lovely would that be
really nice if these are gonna start
turning up on your menu aren't they yeah
now can we talk chocolate yeah people
get obsessed a bit about chocolate and
they think that there's success of their
thing depends on you know exactly which
chocolate they bought are you a fan of a
particular type of chocolate or you mean
in brand or or cocoa solids either
really I was gonna say milk or dark
chocolate but we can talk about is
always the best for cooking for things
like this because it the higher the fat
content the more chance you have of it
splitting
okay and quite often milk chocolate
sometimes at ubirr in the high street is
an emulsification of cheaper fats which
means that it's not a most fight very
well so when you heat it up it splits
out and lower temperature you don't want
that dark chocolate it's all about
having the cocoa mass the cocoa solids
and about how it how it actually
performs well and and the fat content
comes from cocoa butter not necessarily
from cheaper fats that's why some
confectionary that we have on the high
street should mean or isn't even allowed
to be called chocolate because it's it's
an emulsification it's chocolate
flavoured effectively yeah exactly I
mean I take it that we're reaching for
70% chocolate or about a valley
yeah 70% or above and French Belgian
Italian chocolates do dabble with those
we yeah I mean it's it's also very
difficult to find great high street
chocolate that performs well but if
you're looking for good if you just look
for good 70 percent and above um for
dark chocolate should work really nicely
for all of the dishes and if you find
it's not sweet enough you can always add
sweetener to it or more butter or more
dairy to whatever it is you're doing
just don't buy the cheap chocolate in
the first the milk chocolate the cheap
chocolate in the first place to make
something like this you soften it by
using adding extra ingredients but make
sure the chocolate is good I know that
some people find dark chocolate poor
things a little bit kind of headachy but
there's nothing we can do about that
because we're looking for an intense
chocolate taste exactly it's an intense
chocolate flavor that's what it's the
same as people who drink black coffee
and I'm a big black coffee lover I love
the intensity of it it's about it having
strong flavors then you can stretch out
some people would hate an espresso right
the idea of an espresso is just boy its
way to be however if you mix that
through a chocolate mousse and you know
you've got this lovely kind of Maca tea
you still got the same strength
chocolate but it's diversified and it
and kind of like spilled through a
larger kind of mousse flavor but it
gives you the touch and they the the
flavor there a hint of coffee so the
same sort of thing you do with dark
chocolate you get big intense flavours
but you can stretch it and spread it so
a little bit will go a lot further
forgiving and forgiving you that big
chocolatey taste
now I think you back quite recently from
the states
yes and of course a brownie it was
invented in the States and came over I
think in about the fifties or sixties
over here um I hope you added some great
brownies out there but now tell me I be
honest I did meet a single brownie out
there I was trying to be very good I was
out there for about a month I was out
there for about four weeks out of seven
I was backwards and forwards work
commitments here and stuff going on
there and it was and I tried to stay as
healthy as possible though it wasn't it
wasn't that doable in the States I've
got to be honest but actually people say
the American food is poor and there's a
lot of it there is quite poor the house
resurfaced it's very it's not of a great
standard but that's not necessary for
it's just the sheer scale of the country
you have a central production kitchen
here in the UK and it can be wherever it
needs to be with him three or four hours
in the state you can drive for three or
four hours and you're still nowhere near
the next city you know it's so vast so
it struggles from that but I didn't I
didn't have a good brownie but I did
have I did have a great burger I did
have a really good milkshake and I did
have some amazing donuts so I mean there
was some brilliant stuff there I didn't
find the great brownie though we will
definitely be considering those in
future podcasts yeah I agree with you
that the largely the problem of American
food and the reason it's got an unfairly
bad reputation is the mass manufacturing
which is just yeah I'm too big of scale
because American home cooking is a
fantastic tradition rich with all those
European strains which were taken out
there and loved by people and they
really take care of Americans do
something with passion boy they go
insane for it I mean there's sourdough
clubs that amazingly energetic
frantically yeah they get so keen on
anything and if they do it well they boy
do they do it beautifully
yeah they grab hold of something they go
for it great I mean and you're right I
mean the food there is so influenced by
European and immigration of how great
depending on which area we went to that
you could see the food that's been
inspired by
and influenced by whether it's Eastern
European cooking whether it's you know
great Polish dish is great Ukrainian
dishes fantastic food I mean I'm talking
I mean dessert I went to Florida Keys
had key lime pie yeah but in an addict
cooked in the original kitchen that was
invented in and you know what those key
limes and key lime pie was absolutely
said and we're used to this bright green
kind of manufacturing awful stuff that
you can see in like put together and
frozen in supermarkets here however real
key lime pie was delicious like it was
it was beautiful and they're very funny
little lime something it don't look like
I think kind of oval or something the
lines well yeah yeah they are they're
kind of oval and almost almost yellow in
color so yeah the key lime I mean it is
a tiny little line it's not it's not
called key lime pie because of Florida
Keys it's a key lime so is it yeah it's
a very different ingredient to a lime
that we'd have in this country and if
you actually if you mix lime juice from
this country lime and lemon that we get
and put those two flavors together
that's more like what a key lime taste
is slightly more acidic and sharper than
more on that more on the lemon side than
it is the lime side because lime can be
very floral in flavor cons yeah but I
mean this is the same old thing you
think about American food is eat local
if you get the chance yeah eat the food
of the region rather than the global
type food exactly but that's something
like I mean a brownie can transcend
everywhere iconic so it's something
that's so delicious then it could be you
know I could have had a brownie in
everywhere I went in the States and
believe me I went north west east and
say if I was all over the place so I
could have had a brownie everywhere but
I was just trying to be a good boy now
you serve brownies in your restaurants
do you yeah well we do versions of
things like it so you play on the
understanding of soft and squishy and
chocolaty and salty and caramely and
nutty and all those sort of things the
sort of things that you fall in love
with a brownie we then take to the next
level we do we do a hand of flowers
chocolate cake but it's kind of like an
al cake sponge that's then wrapped in
this kind of like taut mix that has this
beautiful texture that's
and rich but it's very similar to the
middle of slightly undercooked and
pressed brownie so that's that's the
sort of thing that we do there yeah so
we we use that brownie influence and and
make it into something that we love what
is it about undercooking chocolate that
that it works like that sunny
undercooked chocolate cake is fabulous
isn't it yeah but it's something so in
it feels so indulgent it's rich it's
gooey it's it's it's it's kind of
caramely it to all of those it's the
texture as well that leads it to being
feeling that it I mean its proper tree
stuff it's indulgent and it makes you
feel like you do something really
naughty yes it is kind of soft in the
mouth somehow but it gives its flavor it
releases its flavor in a beautiful way
chocolates unlike any other ingredient
isn't it yeah it's amazing the flavor
profiles and levels on it is so good if
you're buying really good chocolate
still to come on BBC good foods podcast
the Thom carriage we've got we've got
little bits of white chocolate coming in
there just just for that for the
pleasure of it come on
because that that's not a little bit of
White Rock there's a massive jump ashore
[Music]
we've had a question from Twitter
following a Twitter follower called Amy
Turner that's a meaty sorry a meaty
ar-ar-ar and she says how can you tell
when to take brownies out of the oven
we're going to talk a bit more about the
recipes in a moment but that particular
thing is worrying Amy Turner and she
obviously is aiming for this under
cooking that we're talking about but not
quite achieving it so it's kind of it's
almost like the reverse of a sponge cake
when you put a knife into a sponge wreck
and take it out and a knife is nice and
clean that means it's ready and it's
cooked but if you put your knife into
the middle of the brownie and take it
out and they still got like goo all over
the note but it's still just warm and
cook it feels warm
that's when to take it out because that
means that the egg content in is cook
yeah cooking just like you do like a
scrambled egg or a fried egg it means it
it's just setting it's just cooked but
still not kind of sponged it out it's
not solid it's not just gone really hard
so that's the point to take out and you
can almost tell by touch if you put your
hand on it just gently push into it and
it kind of just sinks a little and
almost springs back but not much you go
right that's ready I can take that out
I wonder if amy is actually expecting a
bit of a wobble because it shouldn't
really wobble no the brownie mixes are
normally so dense that they don't wobble
it's not like a lemon tart where you're
looking for just set it's your look of
it still gonna be solid you might have
to just touch it with your hand and give
it a little push in and just if it feels
like squishy take it out then that's the
best way if a brownie squishy take it
out that's a rule for brown yeah the
future there you go - Misha star chefs
cook brownies if it feels squishy
that's the then it's ready now won't you
stand on Blondie's Tom which what you
know what they are yeah it's not really
a brownie at all but it's in the family
I find them personally a little sweet
I find them too far the other side I
find them a little bit and they're more
about the sugar content rather than the
chocolate content and chocolate with
sugar is you know it tastes great it's
lovely but it's it that's always about
the dark chocolate flavor Blondie's I I
like but they are they are a little bit
on the sweet side for me they've got
that slight kind of condensed milk
atmosphere to the moment condensed milk
can be great in the right circumstances
but they there's something as you say
just a bit sugary about them without
delivering real flavor some exactly
they're quite sickie
listen I my little man would love it and
kids would love them I mean they're
great you know they're big sugar hits
and there'd be greater parties however
for me to have that I wouldn't pick one
out if there was one sat next to a
brownie I pick that brownie every time
how are you on store-bought brownies to
be honest I've never bought a shop
bought brownie it's not been something
that I've it's not the first thing that
I go to if it was a if it was a quick
sweet treat that was taken for for the
family in it or someone was come around
last minute and I was in the shops or
someone's there I got a grab I
wouldn't go for the brown air wouldn't
go for a shot bought one because there's
something I think they're so easy to
make it's something nice about them if
they're still just warm once you've cut
them and ready to serve there's
something very special about home baking
I mean we've all seen it over the last
few years how how amazing that show has
been and now he's got people into the
kitchens baking again and people are
loving the idea of making cakes and
cookies and it shows that it is there's
so much about it that about baking that
this that isn't about it being exact or
isn't about it getting a hundred percent
right it's not about mission style
cookery it's about the enjoyment of
doing it in flavors and that's where I
think home bake stuff really does excel
and that's where people are enjoying it
much more because actually a home baked
cake that's been out the oven for half
an hour that still got their little bit
lovely warmth on it that feels special
that you've made is like a million
percent better than anything you buy
from the shop even if something from the
shop
is is sharper looking tighter looking
packaged nicely doing it yourself and
eating it yourself there's something
very very special about that you know
you kind of you taste the love that's
gone into the making of it I did
encounter a cake last Christmas Asia
which was a Christmas cake that was made
by ridiculous it's a husband and wife
team who make Christmas puddings and
Christmas cakes in their farm kitchen
and I believe they've got a couple of
children who being home educated when
they're not being home educated they
come in and stir things as well so it's
the same kind of degree of love and
affection was going into these Christmas
cakes and Christmas a Christmas cake
needs to stand around and be fed with a
bit of brandy and stuff it's something
that's actually benefiting from the time
in that case so can we have that as a
kind of honorable exception to the the
bought cake thing yeah if you buy it
from these lovely people in Devon listen
if you've boys from these lovely people
in Devon and you keep feeding it that's
the problem that's the process Christmas
cakes is slightly different because
they're the sort of thing that matures
with flavor because what you've got
going on there you've got fruit and all
of that kind of fruit is infusing and
aging and tasty and you keep feeding it
brandy or whatever it is you know and
making sure that you looked at
you're looking after it that's almost
like looking after a great cheese and a
cave you know a cave a cheese that they
loved and turned every you know turned a
quarter every week or whatever it's the
same sort of thing and that love and
affection goes into those sort of cakes
definitely they're very different
they're exempt from the brownie baking
we're going to be talking Christmas in
another podcast so let's let us go mad
with our feeding at that point I want to
talk about the crust on the brownie
because this gets people very excited
yes Hymas reason is somewhere and so on
poor it was a restaurant and someone
pulled out a tray of brownies and they
had on the top that lovely sugar crust
and I said congratulations that's what
we will want our brownies that kind of
almost meringue e crust
do you regard that as the sign of a good
brownie yeah unnecessary or no I think
it's great I think a croissant of
brownies brilliant that the thing that
makes that special in the difference is
because that they can brownies contain
quite a bit of egg and the melted
chocolate and the melted butter and they
also start off fairly similar but when
you normally cook things with that
you're trying to just set okay you
normally it's particularly with eggs in
it
you generally cook them on a lower
temperature so that they kind of just
like a lemon tart you want that you cook
them at around about 100 for 250 degrees
so they don't souffle up or they don't
they just set but the thing about a
brownies you normally cook on a slightly
higher temperature mount 180 ish 190 so
that instant slightly hotter heat comes
in and that's the bit that gives it that
lovely crust on the top but you take it
out before it's all cooked all the way
through so you get the lovely crust
that's cooked on the top but that's
where you get nice and gooey in the
middle because you take it out just
before it's all the way cooked it's just
not set where it's it's a process of a
hotter oven as opposed to a gentle kind
of standard set consistent warm heat so
that but that crust is really cool I
also think that if it's a beaten egg
recipe where you mousse up your eggs
that that kind of lifts to the top a bit
yeah you know beating an egg makes a big
big difference giving it as much
aeration as possible really does help to
give a lighter crust on the top as you
can still get that lovely intense gooey
bottom the
the problem I found with the sugar crust
and it comes out in his like you've got
that Gloucester and I'm so proud of with
that kind of set an eight gloss when I
cut it up it shatters is there any way
around that no but that's a good thing
that's the joy of the brownie I think
the fact that it is it's not about it
being precision if you cut it you get
crumbs and bits and bobs and things like
that's the beauty of a brownie so I need
to relax on that I know that some people
some professional food stylists and food
start professional food honey it's quite
an art form in itself with all and they
arrived with suitcases of equipment I
know that they used to in my early days
in food magazines they used to cut up
meringues with an electric carving knife
to remember electric carving I've been
saying things that left the kind of
Ridge marks on yeah yeah so I've toyed
with getting an electric carving knife
to see if that would do it with my
brownies but you're saying definitely
not well I would be quite interested in
the result
I used electric carving knives in the in
your kitchen at all no no we use sharp
knives
[Laughter]
shuddering things you remember available
can you buy them I don't know me Moab
one I mean and so I'm not quite sure I'm
sure they must be about there must be
per listen if yours is broken don't
where I'm sure me mum still got my
always far away now I think the exciting
moment is approaching when we're going
to get something to eat great this is
the good bit where we get we get all
sorts of sound effects we get the sound
of things being unwrapped and we get the
sound of chomping and general real sound
effects these are not put on these
aren't done in like in the archers where
they kind of faked them up with bits of
wood and things this is at your actual
food here actual so we have in front of
us I'm going to unveil it now
have two different flavors of brownies
and these are two different recipes ones
Tom carriages brownies and one is an
Orlando maroon brownie and Tom's is
flavored I think tell me what it's
flavored with yours so we've got well
it's pecan in Hey look we got nuts going
for us so we've got the hazelnut and and
chocolate spread the kind of thing that
is that the kind of thing that your kids
love spreading on toast that that one
mixed in
um and then we've also got pecans on the
tops of textual trying to crime textual
flavor and things that change so it kind
of breaks it all up just a little bit
they look very much more interesting
than than my recipe which is just called
best ever brownies which is a very plain
brownie and hasn't got any nuts in it at
all it's just the classic thing no but
you have got eggs there's a break up of
coloring in and that looks something
that makes it do doesn't quite exciting
because we've got a little bits of white
chocolate coming in there just just for
the for the pleasure of it come on
that's not a little bit sure as always
these treats have been cooked upstairs
by the good food test kitchen and they
they do a beautiful job of every recipe
that you put in front of them now I
discovered something recently with
pecans which is I used to toast them
quite lightly and terrified of that they
would take on a bit more color and then
once I left them they're a little bit
too long and they took quite a dark
color and I thought they were even
better they tested even better than when
I lightly toasted them all on there all
nuts need heavily toast them you've got
to be brave but we're terrified burning
them though don't be brave they get they
release this lovely toasty nutty flavor
than natural listen nuts are high in
calories and fat natural fats and
whatever because they contains so much
of that natural lovely fat you get great
walnut oil or hazelnut oil those are the
things that that's all flavor and the
more you toast it the more flavor you
get don't burn him like but you can take
him to a delicious almost like mahogany
brown color then they taste
fantastic they dress it's it's a
bitterness particularly that goes well
when you're putting it in a sweet
brownie like that so it's that
counterbalance of going this is sweet
this is chocolaty and then you get this
lovely bitter mahogany nut taste is just
delicious so do you guys stand and watch
them when they're are they under grill
or in an oval through another timer on
no we can't ever know how you know how
long they're gonna take between 10 and
15 minutes yeah yeah but I'd have to
stand and watch because I don't do I
wouldn't be dealing with that often
enough that I would have your your
history of toasting pecan to get it
right you can have them in the oven and
do another job like wash it if you're
making tea you could get on with doing
something else whilst they're in the
oven set the alarm for 12 minutes
just to it's about 180 180 fan I guess
and doesn't make any difference if they
chopped up before you chopped them
before after chop them after after
shopping roast them whole it's easy to
get nice color on them if you chop them
before create steam too many little bits
that rise bigger pieces they cook
quicker and more even and it's the same
for almonds is it toasted almonds yeah
you know you buy these nasty little
packets of supposedly toasted almonds
and they practically the same color as
on toasted almonds exactly the Henreid
is on the job have they all know too
timid are they yeah exactly they're too
scared as well they're they're scared of
their timer but actually they're
probably they're scared of people going
my nuts are burnt they're not burnt they
taste amazing yeah we need to have a
word with them and get them to do the
job a bit more serious because very
convenient not to have to toast them
particularly if you if you're a regular
nut burn there's I am now I'm going to
ask one of our studio team if we can
have a knife because these are quite
large these brownies know to cut them up
into smaller block wood let's have one
each go on let's go for it I was going
to cut mine in half actually
okay you cut one in half like that so
this is your one yeah I'm not really in
competition with you and when you look
on when you look on the website at the
recipes I've got big apology to make
here at this point this is called best
ever brownies but this recipe was
devised for total beginners in
kitchens so it looks like a very long
recipe it's three pages long but it's
not actually complicated it's just very
carefully explained for the beginner
whereas your recipe to outdo me fits
beautifully on one page and looks as if
it's a lot easier it probably is it a
lot easier than mine but mine's very
thoroughly explained because it was
devised for beginners is that all right
I'm so good browning that hmm it's a
good it's rich it's gooey got the sugar
cross Tim wimp
got the sugar crust it tastes delicious
and that I'm glad you said that's for
beginners because that to me tastes
delicious it's a great brownie but think
of all the extra flavor you put if you
use that as a foundation and your base
and then put toasted nuts on it or then
put marshmallows exact yeah doubt you
did that as a bait I think that's so
great brownie so we'll we'll treat that
as our kind of classic entry-level
brownie to which you can adapt
today's yeah that nun asked well class
by me that you could just throw an extra
few things in that make it suit you more
Tom I think you're being very kind now I
want to eat yours which I must say looks
very much jollier than mine because it's
got fancy no crust on the top honey and
that's it I think the pecan is that sea
salt on the top as well there should be
a sprinkling of it yeah do you want that
making you have a half no no no got me
in half of a half do you know what
you're saying that's your conscience are
you yeah I'm trying to be a good boy we
will be finishing them up later on with
the help of a few friends yes won't me
I'm gonna try this one oh my goodness
hmmmm really squidgy I know it's
dangerous is that the chocolate and
hazelnut spread that's made it super
squidge Wow um I know it's not like a
competition mmm I'm could have but if
it's the most squidgy brownie you're
looking for that mine mine is the winner
hmm
but only if it was the it entered into
the most squidgy brownie competition I
think I've got gold
however if we entered it into the
classic brownie competition mine would
come last place and you would get old
now is that say an age that we live in
in it where everyone's very diplomatic
of you is there any any way that you can
convince us that brownie can be part of
a healthy Tom carriage style diet no I
mean abandon all hope ye who enter here
well you know if you if you are if your
calorie counting and controlling then
you can go with right I tell you what I
can have that and can treat myself to
that my mine come in at 418 calories a
brownie right and it's not even a
massive brownie yours comes in at 288 so
it's good you know well over a hundred
calories s and also is too so so you win
again you win on calorie count and also
I wasn't aiming to so I think I think
you win 2-1 listen if you control if
you're looking at what you eat you put
it into part of a balanced diet yes a
brownie can be in there of course it can
we can all eat whatever we want as long
as within reason if you're not going to
be 18 brownies every day listen it'll be
all right you just got to watch what you
eat with everything else so it can be
part of your healthy diet if everything
else you're eating this healthy out is
that saying fantastic and on that happy
and optimistic note we will finish our
brownie chat for today thanks so much
Tom that's I've learnt so much my
pleasure thank you for listening to
today's show you'll find the recipe and
thousands more on BBC good food comm if
you have a minute we'd love to hear from
you on Twitter Facebook or Instagram at
BBC good food
you